VIDEAN (Visual and Interactive Descriptor Analysis)
--------------------------------------------------

Main directories and files of the tool
--------------------------------------

- cgi-bin: contains a python script to run external functions of Weka. 
- cgi-data: contains external data files with results of run the python script.
- css : contains the cascading style sheets.
- d3 :  library d3.js (http://d3js.org/).
- data : contains the data files used in the examples.
- javascript : javascript files
    - VIDEAN_View1: load the data for the "Molecular descriptors and their correlations" section.
    - VIDEAN_View2: load the data for the "Co-occurrence of molecular descriptors" section.
	- VIDEAN_View3: load the data for the "Models and descriptors" section.
	- functions_view1: implementation of the functions used to visualize and interact with data loaded by VIDEAN_View1.
	- functions_view2: implementation of the functions used to visualize and interact with data loaded by VIDEAN_View2.
	- functions_histogram_scatterplot: implementation of the functions used to visualize the charts of section "Histograms / Scatterplot".
	- load_example: implements the data loading of the tool.
	
Preprocessing for VIDEAN
------------------------
dataLoadJSON(file_desc_value,file_desc_names,file_desc_names_complete,file_property_values,model_file,property_name)

- file_desc_value: csv file that contains the selected descriptors values. Each column contains the values for a descriptor.
- file_desc_names: excel file containing the selected descriptors names. 
- file_desc_names_complete: excel file containing the names of all the descriptors were admitted to descriptor selection software.
- file_property_values: csv file that contains the property values. 
- model_file: text file containing the models with descriptors selected in each of them. 
- property_name: the property name

All files generated by the script 'dataLoadJson', which will be used by the visualization tool VIDEAN, are saved in "./output data/". 
You have to provide the url of this folder to use VIDEAN with your own data.

Important: 
1) you need the jsonlab tool provided in the './jsonlab/' directory. See README.txt (II. Installation) therein.
2) you need the file server.php in the ./output_data/ directory, which acts as a jsonp server for cross-domain requests.

Example:
dataLoadJSON('./input data/selected_descriptors_values.csv','./input data/selected_descriptors_names','./input data/descriptors_names','./input data/property_values.csv','./input data/models.txt','logPliver')

María Jimena Martínez, Ignacio Ponzoni, Mónica F. Díaz, Gustavo E. Vazquez, Axel J. Soto: "Visual Analytics in Cheminformatics: User-Supervised Descriptor Selection for QSAR Methods" Under review.
